---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kafkaimporter-v1alpha1_cluster_consumer_list Data Source - kafkaimporter-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kafkaimporter-v1alpha1_cluster_consumer_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterConsumerSpec defines the desired state of ClusterConsumer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterConsumerStatus defines the observed state of ClusterConsumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `brokers` (List of String) List of Kafka broker addresses to connect to
- `client_name` (String) Kafka consumer client name.
If not set defaults to `eda-consumer-${.metadata.namespace}-${.metadata.name}`
- `condition` (String) Optional CEL expression to filter which messages get processed
- `data` (String) Go template for the payload to publish.
Must return a JSON string.
defaults to {{ index .Msg "data" }}
- `delivery_mode` (String) Message delivery semantics (optional; defaults to AtLeastOnce)
- `offset_reset_policy` (String) Offset reset policy controls which messages are sent to the consumer
at (re)connection. One of:
- `latest`: Force offset to latest (skip past msgs)
- `earliest`: Force offset to beginning
- `resume`: Use Kafka's committed offsets
- `path` (String) Go template for where to publish the message
defaults to {{ index .Msg "path" }}
- `sasl` (Attributes) Optional SASL authentication configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sasl))
- `tls` (Attributes) Optional TLS configuration for secure communication (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `topic` (String) Kafka topic to consume messages from

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sasl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sasl`

Optional:

- `credentials` (String) SASL credetnials
- `mechanism` (String) SASL Mechanism
- `token_url` (String) token url for OAUTHBEARER SASL mechanism


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `from_files` (Attributes) Certificates files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files))
- `from_secret` (String) Secret containing a `tls.crt`, a `tls.key` and a `ca.crt` keys.
Both `tls.crt` and `tls.key` must be present.
If `ca.crt` is not present and `.trustBundle` is not set
the remote server certificate is not verified.
- `trust_bundle` (String) ConfigMap containing a set of trust bundles (key `trust-bundle.pem`) used to
verify the remote server certificates.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls--from_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls.from_files`

Optional:

- `ca_file` (String) Path to a certificate authority file.
- `cert_file` (String) The client certificate file location.
- `key_file` (String) The client private key location.
- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true the client will not verify the server's certificate.




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Boolean) Indicates whether the consumer is currently connected to Kafka
- `last_error` (String) Most recent error message if any
- `last_seen` (String) Timestamp of last successful activity
- `message` (String) Short message about current state or issue
- `offsets` (Attributes List) Last successfully committed offsets for each partition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--offsets))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--offsets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.offsets`

Read-Only:

- `offset` (Number) Current offset value
- `partition` (Number) Partition number
- `topic` (String) Kafka topic name
